docs: document the test suite (#275)
pypa/build: docs/test_suite.rst

**********
Test Suite
**********

Due to its nature, ``build`` has a somewhat complex test suite, which we will
try to go through in this document.

Firstly, there are two set of tests, unit tests and integration tests. In unit
tests, we test the actual code implementation. In integration tests, we test

> ``build`` on a few real world projects, this is mostly a sanity test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``build`` on a few real world projects; this is mostly a sanity test.
```

Integration tests take a long time to run, and are not very helpful tracking
down issues, so they are **disabled by default**. They can be enabled by passing
either ``--run-integration`` or ``--only-integration`` arguments to pytest,
where the last will disable the unit tests and only run the integration ones.
Even though these tests are disabled by default, they will be run in the CI,
where test suite run durations are not a big issue.

To run the test suite we use ``tox``, which automates running the test suite on
different environments:

.. code-block:: console

     tox

You can find out more about how to run ``tox`` and its arguments in the
`tox documentation`_.

> We have a fairly big environment matrix. We run tests for all supported Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a fairly large environment matrix. We run tests for all supported Python
```

> versions and implementations, and with the module being invoked by either path,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
versions and implementations, and with the module being invoked from path,
```

> sdist install, and wheel install. Additionally, we have an environment for type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sdist install, or wheel install. Additionally, we have an environment for type
```

checking, and one to produce the documentation. There are some other extra
environments, like checking the code with the minimum version of each
dependency.

> Some examples commands for this project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples commands for this project:

```

Doesn't render as a list with no space.
